Program Buffer: Clarify requirements for case progbufsize==1 (#868)
riscv/riscv-debug-spec: debug_module.tex

Program Buffer. This is indicated by \FdmDmstatusImpebreak. With this feature, a Program
Buffer of just 2 32-bit words can offer efficient debugging.

While these programs are executed, the hart does not leave Debug Mode (see
Section~\ref{debugmode}).  If an exception is encountered during execution of
the Program Buffer, no more instructions are executed, the hart remains in Debug
Mode, and \FdmAbstractcsCmderr is set to 3 ({\tt exception error}).  If the debugger
executes a program that doesn't terminate with an {\tt ebreak} instruction, the
hart will remain in Debug Mode and the debugger will lose control of the hart.

> If \FdmAbstractcsProgbufsize is 1 then the following apply:
> 
> \begin{enumerate}[nosep]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{steps}{If \FdmAbstractcsProgbufsize is 1 then the following apply:}
```
(and corresponding `\end`)

Author: Done as suggested.

    \item \FdmDmstatusImpebreak must be 1. 
    \item The debugger must only write a single instruction into the Program Buffer,
        regardless of the instruction size. It can be a 32-bit instruction, or 
        a compressed instruction in the lower 16 bits accompanied by a compressed

>         {\tt nop} in the upper 16 bits.

Reviewer: I know this is the original language, but it reads awkward to me. "a compressed instruction in the lower 16 bits accompanied by a compressed nop in the upper 16 bits" is 2 instructions.

How about:
> If the debugger writes a compressed instruction in the lower 16 bits,
> then the upper 16 must contain a compressed {\tt nop}.

Author: I have modified the wording slightly:

> If the debugger writes a compressed instruction into the Program Buffer,
        it must be placed into the lower 16 bits and accompanied by a compressed
        {\tt nop} in the upper 16 bits.
